---
title: "Future of Web Design 2011"
date: "2011-10-10"
categories: 
  - "ux"
tags: 
  - "conference"
  - "speaking"
---

Hi Folks, I'm speaking at the [Future of Web Design](http://futureofwebdesign.com/new-york-2011/speakers/#csskarma) this year in New York.

The talk will be on the Future of HTML5, stuff coming down the line that we have to look forward to. All sorts of wicked goodness right? I'm really looking forward to working with the folks at [Carsonified](http://carsonified.com/), who always put together a great conference. I personally attended the Future of Web Apps conference in 2010 (or '09 maybe?), when it was in Miami. It really was the best conference I've attended and it's a great honor to be on the stage this year. The formats and venues are so unique and the speakers are so great and dynamic, it really will leave you wanting more.

They have an [amazing line up](http://futureofwebdesign.com/new-york-2011/speakers/) coming to New York and a crazy-awesome [topic list](http://futureofwebdesign.com/new-york-2011/schedule/).

### My Talk Description

HTML5 is evolving very quickly and staying on the bleeding edge can sometimes feel like a full-time job. In this session we'll talk about what's coming down the pipeline, discuss where we're headed on the Web and dive into some hand-picked topics about the HTML5 hotness you can expect to use in the future.

Kinda awesome right? I love talking about that bleeding-edge stuff, you should totally come.

They'll also be recording the sessions and I think the videos should be available later on (not sure on the time-frame for that).

Hope to see you there.
